[Music]
ten new secret phone settings that will
surprise you 10 years ago when there
were 10 things to do you needed 10
devices now with a smart phone you can
make calls text watch TV shows read the
news and make payments you can even
annoy the heck out of everybody around
you we found a few beneficial functions
in your smart phone that will make your
life easy setting number 3 is our
favorite check it out and you'll get
access to the magic menu counting down
number 10 lockscreen message imagine you
lost your phone oh no and the screen is
locked with a graphic key you are the
only one who knows that unique code
right even though it may look like you
won't see your device anymore you just
might using a special feature in a new
version of Android just leave a message
on the lock screen for example you can
ask to have it returned go to settings
lockscreen and security lock screen
signature now write a backup phone
number or your email they're done number
smart phone return option
if the lockscreen message is not enough
then use an anti-theft app such apps
Cerberus is one of them can take
pictures activate a mic block the phone
and or delete all the data on it
located via GPS and even use a loud
signal to draw the attention of people
nearby number eight save the memory
sooner or later the memory on your
device gets full this is when you can
use a flash memory card cloud services
like Dropbox or backup your data onto a
PC but wait there's another cool option
just upload all your data to telegram
messenger telegram allows you to send
files text and links to yourself you can
use it both as a notepad and cloud
storage just find your number there and
start using it number seven phone as
CCTV use an old smart phone what's that
three years to create a simple security
system for your home an app with a
motion sensor function will turn your
device into a CCTV cam that takes
pictures when someone appears in view it
will send photos to you right away
you can also turn the smartphone into a
video nanny for your baby but remember
that using specifically designated
devices is always the best choice me I'm
holding out for the app that changes the
baby's diapers wouldn't that be great
number six dash cam you can also use
your smartphone as a DVR dash cam in
your car all you need to do is install
your cam so it has the best view of the
road to make it work even better use
special DVR apps using a real DVR in
your car is always the best choice
however went on a trip in a rented
vehicle such a dy dash cam may be handy
number five UV light what is that a beer
anyway UV light can be useful especially
if you want to check the authenticity of
banknotes DIY by utilizing some tape
markers and a smart phone of course
stick a piece of tape to the flashlight
and paint over it with a blue pen repeat
step 1 paint it purple
then add two more layers the same way
done
number four smartphone construction
level any smartphone now has an
accelerometer and a gyro sensor both
allow it to determine the device's
position in space download specific apps
for Android and iOS and your phone can
replace a level device it will
definitely work for small construction
however use real tools for a
professional construction trust me we're
on the level about this number three
access to the magic menu if you're
serious about your smartphone and use it
all the time you may as well change its
settings like a professional to do so
you need to go to the developer menu go
to settings about the phone click seven
times on model number one two three four
five six seven okay hey Congrats
now you're the developer using this menu
you can improve the overall performance
signal reception quality and system
appearance number two interesting stats
does your family complain that you will
become a smartphone addict then it is
time to think about and find out how
addicted you are by looking at some
interesting stats on iOS simply go to
Settings battery and press the dial key
to the right of the last seven days
column a list of your most used apps
will appear for Android you will have to
install one more app yes
again another app another one such as
instant another way to tell if you're
addicted to your smartphone is can you
tell us the first names of your children
I thought so
and number one monochrome mode do you
want to save your battery and your
eyesight then use your smartphone in
monochrome mode while reading go to the
magical Developers menu and find
simulate anomaly then switch the
monochrome mode on now your phone will
work in black and white what is your
favorite phone brand by the way do you
know any other interesting smartphone
features share them in the comments
don't forget to at the like button below
the video and click subscribe to join us
on the bright side of life
[Music]